Mom, you are lucky to be angry.
Miss Zhang Xiaofan is playing with you
Your engagement with Xiaofan
It was decided when Dad was alive
Don't let him fool around
What is Xiaofan still doing?
Quickly apologize to Miss Zhang
He is a woman's family
To divorce me
And made me kneel down and apologize
not eligible
Dad, this Lin Fan is out of the way of the little man in Erval
This kind of man
He doesn't deserve to be the son-in-law of our Zhang family at all
ordinary
I came today.
I thought
Let you be a real man who is willing to admit defeat
Zihan, I will persuade and admire
After all, your father and I have been together for many years
But you are so disappointing to me.
Let's go
Uncle, don't worry.
Now here's the best part.
Are you sure you just left?
Need to mess around here
Time up.
What tripled in valuation yesterday?